DOCSP-38420 Add compass command line options (#622)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/settings/command-line-options.txt

       Specify a passphrase to decrypt the :ref:`imported favorite
       connections <compass-import-connections-cli-encrypted>` file. 

   * - .. option:: --showExampleConfig
     - Provides an example |compass-short| configuration file. 

   * - .. option:: --trustedConnectionString
     - Suppresses warnings about disallowed connection string properties and allows 

>        automatic connection.

Reviewer: This doc item should be more specific about what it does – i.e. _why_ some connection string properties are disallowed by default and what the ramifications are of allowing them/suppressing the relevant warnings.

Reviewer: e.g., this text should explain that:

- This option applies if a connection string is passed on the command line
- Compass inspects the connection string passed in the command line, and verifies whether it contains parameters that the user may not want to have set and result in a security risk for the user (as a simple example, it could be `?tls=true` to disable TLS for the connection)
- This option should be set if and only if a _known_ trusted connection string is being passed to Compass, e.g. from a scrit

Author: Thank you, updated!

       Specify a passphrase to decrypt the :ref:`imported favorite
       connections <compass-import-connections-cli-encrypted>` file. 

   * - .. option:: --showExampleConfig
     - Provides an example |compass-short| configuration file. 

   * - .. option:: --trustedConnectionString
     - Suppresses warnings about disallowed connection string properties and allows 
       automatic connection. Compass inspects the connection string passed in the 

>        command line, and verifies whether it contains parameters that you may 
>        not want to have set and can result in a security risk. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       command line, and verifies whether the connection strings contains parameters that you may 
       not want to have set and can result in a security risk. 
```

left a small suggestion for clarity and also have a question: are "parameters that you may not want to have set" and "parameters that can result in a security risk" the same thing in this context? How does Compass know what parameters you may not want to have set? I wonder if we can make "parameters that you may not want to have to set" more clear

Author: No this makes more sense, thank you!

>        Only set this option if a known trusted connection string is being passed to 
>        |compass-short|.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] we could probably make this active voice

```suggestion
       Only set this option if you pass a known trusted connection string 
       |compass-short|.
```

Author: Updated!

     - Enable :ref:`automatic updates <enable-automatic-updates>`. Use 
       ``--no-autoUpdates`` to disable automatic updates. 

   * - .. option:: --browserCommandForOIDCAuth
     - Specify a shell command to start the browser for OIDC authentication 

>        when connecting to the server or logging into your Atlas Cloud account.

Reviewer: A lot of these duplicate the documentation from https://www.mongodb.com/docs/compass/current/settings/config-file/#settings – is it a good idea to duplicate these?

Author: Oh I see I think I had initially misunderstood, so sorry! We could create includes for these and have them be shared? If so, I can create a small follow up ticket to this :)

   * - .. option:: --enableAggregationBuilderExtraOptions
     - Enable extra aggregation builder options. You can :ref:`set-maxtime-ms-agg` 
       and :ref:`pipeline-custom-collation`. Use ``--no-enableAggregationBuilderExtraOptions``
       to disable extra aggregation builder options.

   * - .. option:: --enableAggregationBuilderRunPipeline
     - Enable the ability to run an aggregation pipeline. Use 
       ``--no-enableAggregationBuilderRunPipeline`` to disable ability to run an 
       aggregation pipeline.

   * - .. option:: --enableAtlasSearchIndexes
     - Enable Atlas Search indexes.
      
       To learn more, see :ref:`compass-create-search-index`. 

   * - .. option:: --enableBulkDeleteOperation
     - Enable ability to delete more than one document in a collection at a time.

   * - .. option:: --enableBulkUpdateOperations

>      - Enable ability to update more than one document in a collection at a time.

Reviewer: These should not be documented

Author: Updated.

     - Enable :ref:`automatic updates <enable-automatic-updates>`. Use 
       ``--no-autoUpdates`` to disable automatic updates. 

   * - .. option:: --browserCommandForOIDCAuth

>      - Specify a shell command to start the browser for OIDC authentication 

Reviewer 2: [question] Should this be "specifies" to be consistent with the other options?

```suggestion
     - Specifies a shell command to start the browser for OIDC authentication 
```

Author: Updated.

>        when connecting to the server or logging into your Atlas Cloud account.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] can we make this active voice? (I'm not sure if this sentence is supposed to mean the user is connecting to the server or if MongoDB is so my suggestion might not make sense in this context)

```suggestion
       when you connect to the server or log into your Atlas Cloud account.
```

Author: updated.

       To learn more, see :ref:`disable-shell`.

   * - .. option:: --file <file>

>      - Specify a file containing a :ref:`list of connections 

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] similar suggestion as above about consistency!

```suggestion
     - Specifies a file containing a :ref:`list of connections 
```

Author: Updated.

>        <compass-export-connections-cli>`. These connections are automatically 
>        available once |compass| starts.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] a small suggestion for minimalism

```suggestion
       <compass-export-connections-cli>` that are automatically 
       available once |compass| starts.
```

       
       To learn more, see :ref:`compass-enable-dev-tools`.

   * - .. option:: --enableDebugUseCsfleSchemaMap
     - Enable CSFLE Schema map debugging.

   * - .. option:: --enableExplainPlan
     - Enables access to the explain plan during CRUD and aggregation operations.

   * - .. option:: --enableGenAIFeatures
     - Allow Compass to use generative AI for natural language querying. This 
       feature requires an Atlas login and a deployed Atlas cluster.

   * - .. option:: --enableHackoladeBanner
     - Enable the Hackolade Studio banner when looking at your :guilabel:`Schema` in 
       |compass-short|. Use ``--no-enableHackoladeBanner`` to disable 
       the Hackolade Studio banner.

   * - .. option:: --enableImportExport
     - Enables |compass-short| to import and export data to and from collections.
     

>        To learn more, see :ref:`compass-import-export`.

Reviewer: These should not be documented

Author: Updated.

   * - .. option:: --enableMaps
     - Allow |compass| to make requests to a 3rd party mapping service. Use 
       ``--no-enableMaps`` to disable mapping requests.

   * - .. option:: --enableNewMultipleConnectionSystem
     - Enables support for multiple connections on a single |compass-short| window.

   * - .. option:: --enableOIDC
     - Enables OIDC authentication.
      
       To learn more, see :manual:`OpenID Connect Authentication </core/security-oidc/>`.

   * - .. option:: --enableRenameCollectionModal

>      - Enables ability to rename a collection. 

Reviewer: These should not be documented.

Author: Updated.

       To learn more, see :ref:`compass-configure-network-traffic`.

   * - .. option:: --password
     - Specifies a password for authentication to Compass and the MongoDB 
       deployment provided in the connection string. 

       Use in conjunction with :option:`--username`. 

   * - .. option:: --persistOIDCTokens
     - Remain logged in when using the MongoDB OIDC authentication mechanism for 

>        MongoDB server connections. Access tokens are encrypted and stored using 

Author: Updated :)

>    * - .. option:: --persistOIDCTokens
>      - Remain logged in when using the MongoDB OIDC authentication mechanism for 
>        MongoDB server connections. Session tokens are encrypted and stored using 

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] another suggestion for consistency

```suggestion
   * - .. option:: --persistOIDCTokens
     - Allows you to remain logged in when using the MongoDB OIDC authentication mechanism for 
       MongoDB server connections. Session tokens are encrypted and stored using 
```

Author: Updated.

       stored using the system keychain.

   * - .. option:: --protectConnectionStrings

>      - .. include:: /includes/fact-protect-connection-strings.rst  

Reviewer 3: I think there's a typo in this include.

Author: Updated.

   
       To learn more, see :ref:`compass-protect-connection-strings`.

   * - .. option:: --protectConnectionStringsForNewConnections
     - Sets connection strings for new connections as read-only by
       default. Passwords in new connection strings display as
       ``*****``.

>        If ``protectConnctionStringsForNewConnections`` is enabled,

Author: Updated.

       |compass-short| disables the :guilabel:`Edit connection string`
       option but doesn't prevent users from manually enabling the 
       option with the :guilabel:`Edit connection string` toggle. 

   * - .. option:: --readOnly
     - Prevent users from performing write operations to your MongoDB deployment 
       through |compass-short|.

       To learn more, see :ref:`compass-read-only`.

   * - .. option:: --showInsights
     - Enables performance insights for your schemas and queries. 

       To learn more, see :ref:`compass-performance-insights`.

   * - .. option:: --showKerberosPasswordField
     - Show or hide the Kerberos password field on the |compass-short| 
       connection form.

       To learn more, see :ref:`compass-kerberos-password`.

   * - .. option:: --showOIDCDeviceAuthFlow

>      - Enable device authorization flow for OIDC authentication on MongoDB server. 

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] small suggestion for consistency!

```suggestion
     - Enables device authorization flow for OIDC authentication on MongoDB server. 
```

Author: Updated.

       To learn more, see :ref:`compass-configure-network-traffic`.

   * - .. option:: --newExplainPlan

>      - Enables access to the explain plan from the query bar.

Reviewer: This should not be documented.

Author: Updated.

     - Enable sending usage statistics. Use ``--no-trackUsageStatistics``
       to disable sending usage statistics.

   * - .. option:: --username
     - Specifies a username for authentication to Compass and the MongoDB 
       deployment provided in the connection string 

>        Use in conjuction with :option:`--password`.

Author: Updated :)

>        Use in conjuction with :option:`--password`.

Reviewer: I don't think this was updated but it's optional (pun intended 😅) anyway :)

>        Use in conjuction with :option:`--password`.

Author: Thank you!
